Didn't we agree to get married as soon as we graduated?
What's the matter with you and Xiao Jichen?
Oh, dear.
It was a family marriage my father arranged for me
Don't worry, the only person I like is you.
Moon, who is he?
You do?
Do not know
Don't know don't know
Didn't we agree to get married as soon as we graduated?
I don't know, what about the three years we dated?
I am the top science student in the city
Excellent students of Treasure Master's and Doctoral Studies
You stinky dishwasher
How can you still be worthy of me?
Wan Zhen is the daughter of Xiazi
He can help me more
If you are wrong
Get away obediently
I gave you your place in a key university
I earned you the living expenses in college
Even your doctorate papers
I wrote it all for you
Everything you got is now turned against you
Hmph, I didn't expect to look like Chen Xuechang with excellent grades
It's so charming behind the scenes
This woman is a scum who knows three times and three times
Chen Yuan
I'll deal with this woman with you in an hour
Otherwise don't see me again
As for what?
Bad for me
How dare you accuse me?
What's that on you?
I don't know.
I was there last night.
The coffee shop is waiting for you to pick me up.
I don't know how I woke up
But in a hotel
You cheated on me
Still out there ruining my reputation
I will teach you a good lesson today